Cloud hook docs (#2440)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/orchestration/concepts/cloud_hooks.md

> # Cloud Hooks <Badge text="Cloud"/>

Reviewer: Can you add this page to the `/docs/.vuepress/config.js` under the orchestration concepts section?

# Cloud Hooks <Badge text="Cloud"/>

> Cloud Hooks allow you to send notifications to certain endpoints when your flow enters a given state. For example, you can send a Slack message to your team when a production-critical flow has failed, along with the reason for the failure, so you can respond immediately.  Current Cloud Hook endpoints are Slack, Twilio, Pager Duty and email. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cloud Hooks allow you to send notifications to certain endpoints when your flow enters a given state. For example, you can send a Slack message to your team when a production-critical flow has failed, along with the reason for the failure, so you can respond immediately. Prefect Cloud currently supports hooks for Slack, Twilio, Pager Duty, email, and a more general Webhook.
```

You can set up and edit your Cloud Hooks using the [API](/orchestration/concepts/api.html) or the Flow Settings page in the UI. 

## UI

> For all Cloud Hooks, you can choose a name for the hook (the default is 'Custom') and decide which states you want to be alerted about. However, different types of hook, need different inputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For all Cloud Hooks, you can choose a name for the hook (the default is 'Custom') and decide which states you want to be alerted about. Different inputs are required depending on the type of Cloud Hook.
```

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/cloud-hook-email.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

### Email Cloud Hook

> To set up an email Cloud Hook, decide which email you want your alerts to go to and enter it into the "To" section. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up an Email Cloud Hook, enter an email in the "To" section. The email you enter will receive formatted emails that contain state updates and a link to the flow for which this Cloud Hook is configured. 
```

### Web Cloud Hook

> To set up a web Cloud Hook, enter the URL endpoint that you want Prefect to send a JSON payload to when your flow enters whatever states you want alerted about. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Web Cloud Hook operates as an all-purpose webhook and can hit any endpoint.

To set up a Web Cloud Hook, enter the URL that you want Prefect to POST a JSON payload to when your flow enters your configured states. 
```

### Slack Cloud Hook

> To set up a Slack Cloud Hook, you will need to create an incoming webhook for your slack channel.  [Slack's docs](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks) talk you through how to create a Slack app and create an incoming webhook (and it's even easier than that sounds!) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up a Slack Cloud Hook, you'll need to create an incoming webhook for your Slack channel. [Slack's docs](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks) explain how to create a Slack app and an incoming webhook.
```

Once you have an incoming webhook URL, you can copy it into the 'Slack URL' section of the Slack Cloud Hook form. 

### Twilio Cloud Hook

> A Twilio Cloud Hook needs a few more inputs:  an Auth Token, an Account SID, a Messaging Service SID and at least one phone number. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Twilio Cloud Hook needs a few more inputs: an Auth Token, an Account SID, a Messaging Service SID and at least one phone number. 
```

The phone number is the number that you want alerts to be sent to. 

> The Auth Token and Account SID are on your project dashboard. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Auth Token and Account SID are on your Twilio project dashboard. 
```

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/twilio-dashboard.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

> The Messaging Service SID requires you to have a messaging service set up.  These instructions are for the programmable SMS service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Messaging Service SID requires you to have a messaging service set up. These instructions are for the programmable SMS service.
```

1. Click on the "All Products and Services" option in the side-menu. 

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/twilio-sidenav.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

2. Select "Programmable SMS"
3. Select SMS
4. Click on the "Create New Messaging Service" icon 

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/twilio-new.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

5. Give your project a name and check the settings.

> 6.  Click on 'Numbers' and add a number to your account. (This is not the number your messages will get sent to so you do not need to enter this in the Prefect Cloud Hooks form.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click on 'Numbers' and add a number to your account. (This is not the number your messages will get sent to so you don't need to enter this in the Prefect Cloud Hooks form.)
```

> 7.  Your Mesaging Service SID is the Service SID in the Settings page. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Your Mesaging Service SID is the Service SID in the Settings page. 
```

### Pager Duty Cloud Hook

> For a Pager Duty token, you'll need an API Token and an Integration Key.  You will also need to select a Severity level from the dropdown menu. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a Pager Duty token, you'll need an API Token and an Integration Key. You'll also need to select a Severity level from the dropdown menu. 
```

The API Token comes from the API Access section of the Configuration menu of the Pager Duty dashboard. 

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/pager-duty-menu.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

> To find your Integration Key, you also need the Configuration menu but choose Services. Select the service you want to add a Cloud Hook to and then click on the integrations tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find your Integration Key, you also need the Configuration menu but choose Services. Select the service you want to add a Cloud Hook to and then click on the Integrations tab. 
```

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/pager-duty-integrations.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

> In integrations, select "New integration" and create a new integration using the API. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Integrations, select "New integration" and create a new integration using the API. 
```

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/pager-duty-new-integration.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

Your Integration Key will show in the integrations list. 

<div class="add-shadow">
  <img src="/orchestration/ui/pager-duty-integration-key.png">
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## API

> To create a Cloud Hook using the GraphQL API, you can use the `create_cloud_hook` mutation. To create an email Cloud Hook:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a Cloud Hook using the GraphQL API, you can use the `create_cloud_hook` mutation. For example, to create an email Cloud Hook you'd use the following mutation:
```
